Added React chapter (#23)
NLESC-JCER/cpp2wasm: README.md

  - [JavaScript](#JavaScript)
    - [Accessing C++ function from JavaScript in web browser](#accessing-c-function-from-JavaScript-in-web-browser)
    - [Executing long running methods in JavaScript](#executing-long-running-methods-in-JavaScript)

>   - [Single page web application](#single-page-web-application)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Single page application](#single-page-application)
```

Visit [http://localhost:8000/src/js/example-web-worker.html](http://localhost:8000/src/js/example-web-worker.html) to see the result of the calculation.
The result of root finding was calculated using the C++ algorithm compiled to a WebAssembly module, imported in a web worker (separate thread), executed by JavaScript with messages to/from the web worker and rendered on a HTML page.

> ## Single page web application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Single page application
```

The C++ algorithm is compiled into a wasm file using bindings. When a calculation form is submitted in the React application a web worker loads the wasm file, starts the calculation, renders the result. With this architecture the application only needs cheap static file hosting to host the html, js and wasm files. **The calculation will be done in the web browser on the end users machine instead of a server**.

### React component

To render the React application we need a HTML tag as a container. We will give it the identifier `container` which will use later when
we implement the React application in the `app.js` file.

```{.html file=src/js/example-app.html}
<!doctype html>
<!-- this HTML page is stored as src/js/example-app.html -->
<html>
  <<imports>>
  <div id="container"></div>

  <script type="text/babel" src="app.js"></script>
</html>
```

To use React we need to import the React library.

```{.html #imports}
  <script src="https://unpkg.com/react@16/umd/react.development.js" crossorigin></script>
  <script src="https://unpkg.com/react-dom@16/umd/react-dom.development.js" crossorigin></script>
```

> A React application is constructed from React components. The simplest React component is a function which returns something which looks like a HTML snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A React application is constructed from React components. The simplest React component is a function which returns  a HTML tag with variable.
```

```{.jsx file=src/js/app.js}
function Heading() {
  const title = 'Root finding web application';
  return <h1>{title}</h1>
}
```

A component can be rendered using

```jsx
ReactDOM.render(
  <Heading/>,
  document.getElementById('container')
);
```

The `Heading` React component would render to the following HTML.

```html
<h1>Root finding web application</h1>
```

The `<h1>{title}</h1>` looks like HTML, but is actually called [JSX](https://reactjs.org/docs/introducing-jsx.html).
A transformer like [Babel](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/next/babel-standalone.html) can convert JSX to valid JavaScript code. The transformed Heading component will look like.

```js
function Heading() {
  const title = 'Root finding web application';
  return React.createElement('h1', null, `{title}`);
}
```

> JXS is syntactic sugar that makes React components easier to write and read. So will use JSX going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JXS is syntactic sugar that makes React components easier to write and read. In the rest of the chapter, we will use JSX.
```

To transform JSX we need to import Babel.

```{.html #imports}
  <script src="https://unpkg.com/babel-standalone@6/babel.min.js"></script>
```

> The code supplied here should not be used in production as converting JSX in the web browser is slow. Better to use [Create React App](http://create-react-app.dev/) which gives you an infrastructere to perform the transformation offline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code supplied here should not be used in production as converting JSX in the web browser is slow. Better to use [Create React App](http://create-react-app.dev/) which gives you an infrastructure to perform the transformation offline.
```

> The web application should have a form with a `epsilon` and `guess` input field and a submit button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web application in our example should have a form with a `epsilon` and `guess` input field and a submit button.
```

> The form in JSX can be written in the following way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The form in JSX can be written in the following way:
```

> ```{.jsx #react-form}

Reviewer: add a comment

<form onSubmit={handleSubmit}>
  <label>
    Epsilon:
    <input name="epsilon" type="number" value={epsilon} onChange={onEpsilonChange}/>
  </label>
  <label>
    Initial guess:
    <input name="guess" type="number" value={guess} onChange={onGuessChange}/>
  </label>
  <input type="submit" value="Submit" />
</form>
```

> The form tag has a `handleSubmit` variable, which is a function that will handle the form submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The form tag has a `onSubmit` property, which is set to a function (`handleSubmit`) that will handle the form submission.
```

> The input tag will render the `value` and when the user changes the value the `onChange` function will be called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input tag has a `value` property to set the variable (`epsilon` and `guess`) and it also has `onChange` property to set the function (`onEpsilonChange` and `onGuessChange`) which will be triggered when the user changes the value.
```

> Let's implement the value and onChange for the epsilon input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's implement the `value` and `onChange` for the `epsilon` input.
```

> To store the value will use the [React useState hook](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-state.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To store the value we will use the [React useState hook](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-state.html).
```

```{.js #react-state}
const [epsilon, setEpsilon] = React.useState(0.001);
```

The argument of the `useState` function is the initial value. The `epsilon` variable contains the current value for epsilon and `setEpsilon` is a function to set epsilon to a new value.

> The input tag in the form will call the onChange function with a event object. We need to dig the user supplied new value out of the event and pass it to `setEpsilon`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input tag in the form will call the `onChange` function with a event object. We need to dig the user supplied new value out of the event and pass it to `setEpsilon`.
```

```{.js #react-state}
function onEpsilonChange(event) {
  setEpsilon(event.target.value);
}
```

> The guess input will be given the same treatment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will follow the same steps for the guess input as well.
```

```{.js #react-state}
const [guess, setGuess] = React.useState(-20);

function onGuessChange(event) {
  setGuess(event.target.value);
}
```

> We are ready to implement the `handleSubmit` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are ready to implement the `handleSubmit` function which will process the form data.
```

The function will get, similar to the onChange of the input tag, an event object.
Normally when you submit a form the form fields will be send to the server, but we want to perform the calculation in the browser so we have to disable the default action with.

```{.jsx #handle-submit}
event.preventDefault();
```

Like we did in the previous chapter we have to construct a web worker.

```{.jsx #handle-submit}
const worker = new Worker('worker.js');
```

We have to post a message to the worker with the values from the form.

```{.jsx #handle-submit}
worker.postMessage({
  type: 'CALCULATE',
  data: { epsilon: epsilon, guess: guess }
});
```

> We need a place to store the resulting `root` value, we will use `useState` function again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need a place to store the result of the calculation (`root` value), we will use `useState` function again.
```

> The initial value is set to `undefined` as the `root` value is only known after the calculation has been completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial value of the result is set to `undefined` as the result is only known after the calculation has been completed.
```

```{.js #react-state}
const [root, setRoot] = React.useState(undefined);
```

> When the worker is done it will send a message back to the app. The app needs to store the `root` result value. The worker can then be terminated because it did its job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the worker is done it will send a message back to the app. The app needs to store the result value (`root`) using `setRoot`. The worker can then be terminated because it did its job.
```

```{.jsx #handle-submit}
worker.onmessage = function(message) {
    if (message.data.type === 'RESULT') {
      const result = message.data.payload.root;
      setRoot(result);
      worker.terminate();
  }
};
```

To render the result we can use a React Component which has `root` as a property.

> When the calculation has not be done yet will render `Not submitted`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the calculation has not been done yet, it will render `Not submitted`.
```

> When the `root` value is set then we will show it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `root` property value is set then we will show it.
```

- [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)
- [Angular](https://angular.io/)

> They have their strengths and weaknesses which are summarized in the [NLeSC guide](https://guide.esciencecenter.nl/#/best_practices/language_guides/javascript?id=frameworks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They have their strengths and weaknesses which are summarized in the [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_JavaScript_frameworks#Features).
```

> <!-- Bubble below might need to be Newton-Raphson? -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For NewtonRaphson web application I picked React as it is light and functional, because I like the small api footprint and the functional programming paradigm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Newton-Raphson web application I picked React as it is light and functional, because I like the small API footprint and the functional programming paradigm.
```

> The C++ algorithm is compiled to a wasm file using bindings. When a calculation form is submitted in the React application a web worker is started that loads the wasm file, starts the calculation, posts progress and lastly posts the result. With this architecture the application only needs cheap static file hosting to host the html, js and wasm files. **The calculation will be done in the web browser on the end users machine instead of a server**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The C++ algorithm is compiled into a wasm file using bindings. When a calculation form is submitted in the React application a web worker loads the wasm file, starts the calculation, renders the result. With this architecture the application only needs cheap static file hosting to host the html, js and wasm files. **The calculation will be done in the web browser on the end users machine instead of a server**.
```
